---
title: Blog 5
layout: post
author: henry.keen
permalink: /blog-5/
source-id: 140R_RrKokixQ_dlGser0QUHP_4FttH-W0UdBN-zlmOM
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 5</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>14/06/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>To start using codecademy to learn Python.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have understand and use Python.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes I started to learn and understand Python.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today I learnt how to use functions and further my knowledge on general coding. I learned by reading and examining the useful information on the left hand side of the page and helping others to work through the course. I understood how to use and apply python and in some cases figure out why it wouldn't work. The main strategy that was effective was to work slowly and analyse the code carefully. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The main thing that limited my learning would be that if I got stuck I would stay there and not click hint. I need to work on using my resources when I get stuck and asking others for help so I don't get caught behind.  Today I only managed to achieve one badge on Functions, I could have easily of obtained two but I worked at an inefficient pace which meant I couldn’t progress as much as I would have liked to.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will be more proactive when I’m stuck and be more attentive so I can apply that knowledge later when I’m stuck. Also, I will improve my learning by being more confident and asking others to help me. I will improve my learning by furthering and greatering my coding knowledge of Python so I can apply it when needed. I will improve next time by focusing very hard and working at an efficient pace.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1FsQV0bkBXQKmSnHoB9SL9x9zEeNW8No3/preview" width="640" height="480"></iframe>

