---
title: Blog 3
layout: post
author: henry.keen
permalink: /blog-3/
source-id: 1gLAfVGeohTIhQxfoy87p6ND94JBrBtgdbJwJHHumJng
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 3</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>14/05/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>To start using codecademy to learn Python.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have understand and use Python.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes I started to learn and understand Python and apply it in various different ways.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I understood how to use and apply python and in some cases figure out why it wouldn't work. The main strategy that was effective was to work slowly and analyse the code carefully. This week I sped through and completed the first section and also the second, plus I got halfway through the third. I also learned by examining the useful information on the left hand side of the page.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today, not a lot limited my learning because I sped through and understood everything. The only thing I can think of is that  I need to work on using my resources because if I got stuck I wouldn't ask others for help so I would get caught behind. But luckily today I didn't get stuck so I didn’t need to ask for help.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will work harder and get more badges and complete more of the codecademy because it will improve my learning. Although, I did get two badges today for completing two sections. I will set a higher target next time and also sort out my background of my blog because it repeats.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


