---
title: Blog 7
layout: post
author: henry.keen
permalink: /blog-7/
source-id: 1cRNWh64CCg5vNpcpoNGb_KRcVWpYgg_fo6Y_nKEyeYw
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 7</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>28/06/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>To start using codecademy to learn Python.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have understand and use Python.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes I started to learn and understand Python.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learned by reading and examining the useful information on the left hand side of the page and helping others to work through the course. I understood how to use and apply python and in some cases figure out why it wouldn't work. The main strategy that was effective was to work slowly and analyse the code carefully, this helped me to obtain my 5 badges.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The main thing that limited my learning would be that if I got stuck I would stay there and not click hint. I need to work on using my resources when I get stuck and asking others for help so I don't get caught behind. Today I achieved 5 badges which meant that I made a high amount of progress today.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will be more proactive when I’m stuck and be more attentive so I can apply that knowledge later when I’m stuck. Also, I will improve my learning by being more confident and asking others to help me. Next time I will have a higher percentage on my progress on Python.</td>
  </tr>
</table>

<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1hOcBxWtGXhpMi5_qVftmsdi5J51zqrIU/preview" width="640" height="480"></iframe>
<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/177ubZ5zbybHdOYtg0COTXdWUAAHoAaUs/preview" width="640" height="480"></iframe>
